*******************************
*       DIU Episode 1         *
*     Enter Crystal Key       *
*******************************


Our story begins in the summer of 1988.
You are Leo Frost, a high school senior making
his way back home from boarding school. The drive
has been a long one but it's nearing its end as you
reach the 8-mile-long bridge. A bridge that will
eventually end at the foot of your home, Crystal Key.
A small and quaint island that attracts tourists from
all around the world thanks to its natural beauty.

However, you have always found the island to be, a 
little bizarre......

You are nearing the end of your drive, the twilight sun
sinks into the horizon coating the sky in an orange and pink hue.
Your admiration of nature is quickly interrupted when you look up
to see flashing headlights in your dashboard mirror. A speeding car is on 
your tail

While you find the encounter strange
you continue down the bridge at a steady pace towards the growing island
in the distance.

At last, you reach The Hemmingway Hotel. The hotel is owned by your
mother and serves as your unconventional home.
For the past couple of summer breaks, you have helped your mother run this rather small hotel 
but things are a little different tonight. 
Look around? (Look)

The little parking lot is almost full, an unusual sight.
You notice a giant banner over the entrance of the hotel, it says
"Crystal Key's Historic Nocturn Meteor Shower Celebration!"
You remember that the island is holding its traditional meteor celebration.
An event that last happened over 30 years ago. This will be your first celebration
of the shower! 

You make your way towards the hotel entrance and notice the speeding car from earlier....

You are now inside the hotel and decide to take a look around. (Look)

You take a scan of the lobby, tourists and hotel staff make their way around
the premise. An employee who has worked under your mother for years smiles and waves at you
and you wave back. You can go to the reception desk or look around some more (Look/Go to desk) 

You take a closer look around the lobby, taking in the looks and outfits of some of the people.
One man in particular is wearing a white trench coat with pants and shoes to match. You cannot see his 
face since it is obscured by newspaper he is reading.

You head over to the reception desk and see your mother there. 
She waves and is very visibly happy to see you!

"Good to have you back honey! With tourist season in full swing I could use an extra hand."
You look around again and agree. 
"Well I'm here to help mom! What do you need done first?" you ask.
"Well as of now the staff and I have everything covered. How about you go unpack
and setup your room? I think that's a good start." she replies.
"Will do mom!" you say as you start making your way upstairs to your personal room

You are now in your room (Look). 
What will you do? 

You look around but it's too dark to see anything (look for a light).

You fumble your hands on the nearby while before coming across a switch. You flip it,
illuminating a room full of boxes and clutter. (Clean room)

You scan the room and decide to clean and unpack your stuff and the boxes. As you go through your old
belongings you find a notebook and Nocturn crystal necklace, a signature souvenir on Crystal Key whose dark color yet
beautiful luster attracts many tourists. You take the notebook and put on the necklace for the occasion.

After everything is clean and organized you decide to step out and take a walk.
You leave your room and head back into the lobby.

The mysterious man from earlier is talking to your mother at the front desk. As you arrive
he leaves into the night but not before turning his head to look back at you....

You step out into the night and look up to see a full moon slightly obscured by the silhouettes of swaying palm trees. At this point the man is nowhere to be found.
You make your way towards the beach hiking to the top of a sand dune to take in the view (Look)

You look around the empty beach. The moonlight casts like soft sheen across the dark calm ocean.
Palm trees peppered across the beach gently blow in the wind. You're glad to be home

There's a dark figure standing before you a short distance away. It's completely motionless
but you know it is looking directly at you. 

Suddenly it starts moving, it's running on all fours at an alarming pace.
You have the option to either run or stand your ground (Run/Stand ground)

You are frozen in fear and are unable to do anything as the thing closes in on you

You firmly hold your ground. Prepared to fight the monster as it approaches you

You make a quick 180 and stumble your way over the dune, you see another shadowy figure standing before you.
However, this figure is human rather than animal.


Next thing you hear is a raspy male voice yell "GET DOWN" before the ring of gunshots and an unearthly howl of pain follow.
The thing violently twitches on the now bloody sand before the dark figure puts three more bullets into the creature.
If it wasn't dead before it was most certainly dead now.

"Shit, maybe white wasn't the most fitting attire for the occasion" the man says. 
Strangely, a shaft of moonlight comes down upon the man like a spotlight and you can make out some of his features. (Look)


It's the man you saw in the lobby earlier, a tall, middle-aged man with jet-black hair with some gray streaks running through it. 
He has a light stubble with green eyes that shine with radiance in the moonlight but show signs of weariness. His once white outfit 
features speckles and splotches of crimson. Although he took down that monster with ease he certainly looks past his prime.


"You made the right decision to run, there's no way you could've taken that thing on by yourself" the man remarks


"You got guts trying to take on a chimera all by yourself kid, don't think you would've stood a chance though" the man says grimly


"Well I gotta admit kid, with the way you froze up back there. You'd make a damn fine statue!" the man chuckles 

The man walks over the monster’s corpse closely examining it before pouring a liquid from a small flask onto it. Shortly after, a green 
fire sets the body ablaze; you can briefly make out the creature’s features noticing that its flesh suffered from necrosis. The flames
consume the thing completely and the man stands back up with his back still turned to you.

You finally snap out of your daze
"Just what the hell was that thing!?" you demand
"That there was a Chimera. An E-Class Monster, pretty common, usually a sign of bad omens." the man says nonchalantly as if he's 
said that same exact thing one hundred times before.
"Bad omens?" you reply "That thing wasn't normal, and you just disposed of it like it was nothing!"
"You should be heading home kid. Leah's probably worried about you" the man responds with his back still turned to you 
The way the man said your mother's name made it seem like he knew her personally even though you have never seen him before in 
your entire life.
"I have questions, and I'm not leaving until they are answered!" you insist to the man 
There is a long pause before the man lets out a sigh 
"Fine kid, you want answers? We'll talk tomorrow and I'll tell you whatever you want to know. But just know, unlike the tourists,
I'm here on business, not pleasure. Be up early if you want your answers."
"Got it" you say, content with his answer "See you tomorrow Mister...." you say waiting for his name
"Bolt, Johnathan Bolt" he replies before lighting a cigarette and gazing across the dark ocean

END OF DEMO....